if you're like me then you're probably a
loser but what if you were
also a sleeper agent that just got
activated
man i've seen better days i bet you're
wondering how i got here
let's rewind the tape yep lots of
explosions and fights
and my girlfriend is christian stewart
okay but really this guy's name is mike
and he's kind of a loser
though he's got her phoebe he's shining
light they might not have much going on
but they have each other
i wish i was in love anyway he saved up
got a ring and planned to propose during
a surprise trip to hawaii
though he even screwed that up you see
he suffers from debilitating panic
attacks every time he tries to leave his
town
sus to make matters worse on the
shameful trip back home the couple was
stopped by sheriff watts
he heard they were going to hawaii and
stop them literally just to bully mike
though upset phoebe forgives mike
understanding that it's not his fault
he can't control it we cut to mike at
work later at night
he's a humble gas station clerk who
likes to doodle in his free time he
concocts tales about apollo the ape
a butt kicking astronaut monkey jeff
bezos
while he's outside updating a sign we
suddenly zoom out all the way to outer
space
turns out mikey's being watched we take
a trip to the cia headquarters where we
meet victoria lasseter
who's reading the script of my last
video damn
i'm blowing up drop a like if you're
here before 100k
anyway agent douglas pops by and
gleefully greets his ex-supervisor
though she's in a stern mood probably
upset that she got demoted
then a phone starts ringing and victoria
is shook
oh it's a classified phone she picks up
and a robotic sounding voice answers
story recapped here
no wrong channel the voice informs her
that the wise man asset is about to be
terminated
but we promised to protect them she says
unfortunately
the decision is final but at least he's
polite about it
back to mike and phoebe we see them
enjoying each other's company as mike
tells her about the latest adventures of
apollo the ape
nearby a car accident has recently
occurred somehow someone rammed into
this random tree
this prompts mike to reflect on the deep
philosophy of a car
running into a tree hear me out you have
an object that's been moving for decades
meet an object that's been stopping for
just as long he sees this as a parallel
for his relationship with phoebe
he's the tree and she's the car and this
is patrick
later at night he holds phoebe close and
apologizes once more for the hawaii
thing
she tells him he loves him and he ruins
the moment
why why are you with this guy the next
morning mike is up early to run a secret
errand
meanwhile victoria confronts yates who
she believes to be the one behind the
operation to take out her asset
they speak privately and we learn that
gates was made temporary supervisor due
to kruger's absence
cougars the actual supervisor by the way
seems the power got to his head and he's
now looking to wipe out the remnants of
victoria's cancel the wise men operation
yates wants his tough guys program to
take its place
let's check back with mike he meets with
his greens dealer
rose behind a gentleman's club though
they didn't meet for the usual affair
instead mike has purchased some very
powerful and very non-legal fireworks
which he plans to use as part of a
proposal ceremony for phoebe
later at work mike prepares himself some
ramen before noticing some bandits
fiddling around with his car
he steps outside to investigate and the
menacing men approach with ill
intentions
now before we proceed let's have a
flashback victoria stopped by and hit
mike with some alpha bravo beta sigma
chad delta code words
now this was supposed to activate him
but instead left him confused
is that a lyric from something she gives
it a go a few more times but eventually
gives up
apologizes and leaves now back to the
[Music]
present
mike turned up he was like pow pow pew
pew even stabbed a guy with a spoon
that's some john wick [ __ ] he calls
phoebe and gives her the lowdown which
he initially interprets as a joke
so he firmly insists no no i really just
killed two dudes i'm gonna piss my pants
with great haste she meets him at the
gas station before sheriff watts pulls
up as well
yates gets an update on the situation
and in response sends out two more
assets crane and laffer
the latter of which is basically a
knockoff joker
wasn't that funny now we're at the
police station where mike is being
questioned
suddenly the main power goes out the
couple is escorted to a cell and
released from the restraints
a little thought he pulls up and starts
blasting away damn
she woke up today and chose violence
meanwhile not for storms to sell and a
scuffle ensues
mike is back to his useless self until
his inner chat awakens
he quickly gains the upper hand and
knocks a few of laughter's teeth out as
the couple leaves crain says hello
sheriff watch shows the audience he's
actually a swell guy by cuffing crane to
a chair
with her movement now impaired she whips
out some trickery
[Music]
however my man's got excellent hand-eye
coordination yeah
you can have that back victoria runs
into a bit of an obstacle on her way out
of town
looks like yate has shut things down she
calls in and inquires as to why there's
dudes in hazmat suits barricading the
road
he lets her know that [ __ ] just hit the
fan she checks up on the police station
and finds it in ruins
realizing the severity of the situation
she calls for some backup
we cut to douglas texting with his boo
he picks up victoria's call and is
shocked to learn that she's out there
while on out
she requests a weapons drop but he's
hesitant to go along
they're gonna box me in and kill me she
says reluctantly douglas comes around
meanwhile mike and phoebe head back to
his car
so that's what they were doing they take
her car instead and head to rose's house
along the way mike realizes that he
can't remember his childhood they reach
a locked off bridge and walk the rest of
the way
he contemplates about whether or not
he's actually a robot with a
bioengineered body
he reflects on his now perfect memory
ninja skills and seemingly endless
knowledge about guns and tanks
mike you are not a robot yeah but how do
you know
suddenly rose appears the mask in a
shotgun he insists they rush inside
i ain't trying to die for no monkey
disease wait what back to yates
we find that he set up a base of
operations at a local hardware store
he's got a truck full of tough guy
assets just sitting there in the dark
you said a spare bump yes you're right
oh hey
there's laffer he survived and even got
his teeth back
anyway rose helps mike out of his cuffs
while he discusses the damage
wait what danger are you worried about
okay before he can explain further his
bodyguards arrive
look at the size of this lad they all
tune into the news and see that a deadly
virus has supposedly hit the town
hmm this all sounds too familiar uh-oh
homeboy is on the news with victoria
inappropriate close contact with several
test monkeys
things quickly get tense but mike offers
up an elucidating explanation
i don't know what's happening but i keep
on just like killing people and there's
a chance
that i'm probably a robot oh [ __ ]
rose surmises that mike is infected and
holds him at gunpoint bad idea
like he said kill a robot mike
apologizes returns the gun and then the
couple's forced to quarantine
in rose's basement hey rose yeah i think
i could probably break this lock
please don't meanwhile victoria receives
her supply drop like this is call of
duty
she gets some heat and some documents
detailing the tough guy assets
turns out they're all either criminals
or wackos at the same time douglas
receives a call from yates
he knows what's going on and warns him
that his behavior is an act of treason
if he continues the death penalty will
await him victoria calls in suggesting
he goes to kruger but he relays the same
treason message to her instead
back at the basement phoebe looks for a
way out while yates sends out some more
assets
this time authorizing the use of
poisonous gas the agents bust in and
start icing fools
they come for mike but he flips on his
hacks then phoebe drops in to say hello
mike smacks the guys up while phoebe
puts on the gas mask the effects of the
gas are starting to hit mike so she
drags him out
she even manages to pick up a kill along
the way she quickly rushes to the fallen
foe and grabs the antidote for the gas
phoebe pleads with mike to stay awake
while she administers the shot she
explains that the gas shuts off your
senses
one by one and if you fall asleep you
die wait a minute how you know that
mike begins to relive various memories
with phoebe they hang out
frolicking the flowers play hide the
pickle and what's this
she got that professional drip mike
awakens and realizes that the love of
his life
is not who he thought she was i've been
there man
he backs away as the emotions overwhelm
him and then a panicked phoebe reveals
the truth
she's his cia handler and was assigned
to him five years ago
wait so you're not my girlfriend of
course i'm your girlfriend not knowing
what to believe
mike runs back towards the car and locks
himself in but phoebe outsmarts him
they argue and she promises to never lie
to him again tensions escalate and then
well this is quite the predicament while
mike is pinned down
laffer stacks his girl and gives her
permanent hearing damage
he knocks her out his mission is to
bring her back alive then
instead of killing mike right then and
there he decides to get a little
creative
he douses the car with gasoline and sets
into place before the flames can engulf
mike
victoria shows up at the same time life
for slap's feet be awake to give her a
front-row seat to mike's demise
she's then taken to the pop-up
headquarters and confronted by yates
she's shocked to see him running the
show and he's sure to rub it in and look
where you are
under departmental rest for
insubordination and your face is all
messed up
meanwhile mike and victoria have a chat
she gives us some much needed exposition
explaining that mike was recruited into
an experiment at the age of 18.
where the others failed he succeeded
becoming the only viable wise man asset
however it was driving him and everyone
around him insane
so victoria decided to cancel the
experiment and gave him a new life
unfortunately that life came with the
phobias and anxieties that keep him
stuck in the town hey
monkeys what anyway yates comes to learn
that mike is alive and he's with
victoria
he calls up our boy douglas for a drone
strike and then tells phoebe
the kid gloves are off she retaliates
and manages to disarm a guard before
being apprehended
we get to see yates true colors real
tough guy huh
a little later they spot mike and vicky
headed towards his house prompting
phoebe to chime in
mike's a bit slow but he's not an idiot
he's not just going to go back to his
house
in fact mike is an idiot he heads home
with victoria and says
if i'm gonna die i'm gonna do it in the
comfort of my home can't argue with that
as mike enjoys a smoke victoria
reminisces about how much phoebe
believed in him during the program
turns out she was only supposed to help
him settle into the town and then leave
but she decided to stay she left her
whole life behind for that good
day suddenly victoria hears something
and goes to investigate
mike pulls up to find a bad guy and
activates a ninja mode a wild shootout
ensues as the pair fight against two
armed intruders
while all this is going on a drone is
already on route to the house
victoria shows one of the men her
favorite stuffed bear
then mike brushes up on his mouth as he
tosses up a frying pan
and calculates the chicken and
calculates the trajectory of a bullet
bounce
at the same time the drone is ready to
attack douglas just has to authorize it
however he just lost the game of league
of legends okay but in actuality
douglas has a functioning moral compass
he even anonymously calls krueger
immediately after yates's operation is
decimated by kruger who calls off most
of his men
now he's just left with his top guy
assets and a wounded ego
he calls mike and tells him to come down
to the max goods parking lot
he passes the phone to phoebe to roll
him up a bit she once again pledges her
love and harkens back to the tree story
from earlier
i'm the tree she says i for one believe
she can identify as whatever she wants
because that's her right gates rallies
up his men and gives them a little
speech
you gotta watch out for this guy he's a
train killer and he will
sneak up on us okay
my mans is rushing in he uses the
fireworks from earlier as a beautiful
distraction and rams into the store
then he uses his skills to quickly deal
with whomever gets in his way
he takes advantage of everything and
anything around him to dispatch the
enemies
wow jackie chan asking his ability to
beat people up with random household
items
bravo then he gets cornered by two
others however
mike can jump really high unfortunately
he doesn't come out unscathed
meanwhile we see that a restrained
phoebe has managed to snag a paper clip
then mike gets shot in the head but
that's okay
he's built different he uses his final
firework as a smoke grenade then
brutally batters the bad guys
as he emerges from the smoke he ate
sends out laffer ah yes
the guy we've already beaten or escaped
from twice
mike hits them with some boom bam bap
bump pow then they both sit down
too beat up to finish the other off
phoebe on the other hand
is full of energy as she breaks free
from her cops and beats up yates
he's too much of a wimp for this and
tries to escape but is blindsided by
victoria
he shows her how long he can hold his
breath while she demonstrates her kinky
side
suddenly krueger appears from behind and
tells her to chill out
phoebe rescues mike and as they walk out
he proposes
she says yes and then the police give
them a present
in the aftermath victoria and yates are
forced to face judgment yates gets iced
and victoria is on thin ice though she
argues otherwise
the wise men experiment was the success
he took out dozens of tough guys
alone she ain't wrong as the film ends
we see mike and phoebe now a married
couple on a secret mission together
victoria oversees the operation with her
assistant douglas
hey happy ending